what to do about free edges that get wild when divergences are removed?

build tables that include the individual integrals rather than a limit.

what to do about the crazyness that happens near the edges when the singularity is removed?
-- 1) i could add back in the singularity with an appropriate epsilon based on the obs triangle coincident case
-- 2) i could leave the singularity in for the coincident integrals, but explicitly calculate it for the adjacent integrals. Then, subtract that value from the relevant coincident integrals, leaving behind any remaining singular component for sides where there is no edge adjacent integral. This is essentially the opposite of suggestion 1.

what to do about interelement angles that are greater than pi, for adjacent table lookup?

actually use the interpolation table based integrals in an okada problem

efficient edge adjacent table lookup + vert adjacent calculation

think about volume integrals -- only ever need to do volume integrals with U and A kernels --> no divergences, not even cauchy principal value integrals because the extra source dimension reduces the order of the singularity by one, still should do transformations to reduce the order of the singularity -- probably can remove it completely, in which case there are only some big 5 dimensional low order gauss integrals to do. alternatively, i could do another interpolation table... the adjacent trick would work

interior evaluation -- this is easy except near the surface, use sinh quadrature? test it against the adaptive quadrature. also, maybe i can just interpolate from one element length away to the surface value and avoid nearfield integrals?

how to deal with triangles that have internal angles less than 20 degrees? see comments in the overleaf doc

deal with low angle vertex adjacent cases -- these can be very expensive!

use FMM for okada
-- just try it out first, make sure its accurate.
-- condense the columns of p2m and p2l and p2p, condense rows of m2p, l2p, p2p, this should increase efficiency A LOT (HUH??)

sphere test
-- do two problems:
  -- 1) impose displacement BCs and solve for traction on the boundary
  -- 2) vice-versa
-- interior evaluation.

CODE:

SCIENCE:
fault intersecting surface -- pretty much works
variety of boundary conditions
gravity
-- test the 3D kernels
play with time stepping combined with fault friction 
plasticity? the plastic opening condition, maybe a viscoplastic opening condition? the kinematic consistency idea from brendan is really interesting! compare with a FEM model of explicit volumetric plasticity

CORRECTNESS/BLACKBOXYNESS:
limit triangles to having angles > 20 degrees

METHOD:
sparse approximate inverse from FMM sparsity pattern
interior integrals for spatially varying body forces

OPTIMIZATIONS:
constraint construction
adjacency
figure out preconditioning, spilu is slow, but is there a better alternative? spai-based fmm inverse.
FMM via tree plan construction and gpu direct evaluation
multi GPU compatibility on meade02?
